Update application-gateway-troubleshooting-502.md (#104359)
Azure/azure-content: articles/application-gateway/application-gateway-troubleshooting-502.md

Validate NSG, UDR, and DNS configuration by going through the following steps:

> 1. Check NSGs associated with the application gateway subnet. Ensure that communication to backend isn't blocked. For more information, please refer to(/azure/application-gateway/configuration-infrastructure#network-security-groups)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check NSGs associated with the application gateway subnet. Ensure that communication to backend isn't blocked. For more information, see [Network security groups](/azure/application-gateway/configuration-infrastructure#network-security-groups).
```
